Remove "simple" part 6: javascript (#36777)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/string/search/index.md

## Description

> The implementation of `String.prototype.search()` calls the `Symbol.search` method of the argument with the string as the first parameter. The actual implementation comes from [`RegExp.prototype[Symbol.search]()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp/Symbol.search).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation of `String.prototype.search()` doesn't do much other than calling the `Symbol.search` method of the argument with the string as the first parameter. The actual implementation comes from [`RegExp.prototype[Symbol.search]()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/RegExp/Symbol.search).
```
